she was a beautiful girl every man was
attracted by this beauty
her name was emma emma was the daughter
of the rancher she was beautiful and
intelligent
she was raised properly in the girls
school she was about to be married
because her father had arranged a
marriage for her her fiance was a rural
doctor
the two met when he cured her father
before getting married emma prayed to
god
she wished her husband was as perfect as
in a lyrical novel
luckily everything was fine that doctor
was a good man
their wedding took place happily emma
was officially the doctor's wife
mrs bovary tomorrow emma had to follow
the doctor and left this place
when imagining a future life emma was
both frightened and hopeful about a
future as dreamy and magical as novels
she did not want to leave her father
after the mother died
father and daughter considered each
other as life now she had to live in
another place
of course she didn't want to leave the
doctor's family was not rich
but also not poor his family had a maid
emma didn't need to do anything because
she was just married
emma always wanted her husband to be
with her but her husband was a doctor
during the day he was busy with his
patients and only until evening did he
have time to share with emma
every day emma had nothing to do in the
evening she heard her husband talk about
his work as a doctor
emma was not interested and was even a
bit disgusting and nauseous
her life kept repeating like that the
arrival of a merchant broke emma's
peaceful life
he heard that the doctor married a
beautiful wife so he deliberately
visited the doctor's house
every week he went to big city to pick
up the goods so he owned many
interesting and rare treasures
they all had value emma tried on a
yellow scarf
the scarf glittered like stars on her
shoulder she could not afford to buy
such expensive scarf so she found a
reason to refuse
he noticed her regretful expression he
left her some trendy magazines
and a book about fabric he said to emma
if she didn't have enough money
she could think about getting a mortgage
the doctor's credit rating was so high
they could give emma whatever she want
after that he left
but emma still thought about what he
said the doctor took her for a walk
around
and introduced her to a few local
officials but this couldn't make up for
her boring life
her husband only studied medicine took
care of patients
the interests of them were not the same
the distance was getting bigger
in contrast the tax collector only met
emma once
but loved her when the doctor was out he
came to his house and invited emma to go
for a walk with him
their relationship was increasingly
close even gave rise to thoughts beyond
morality
emma was a married woman so she still
decided to refuse the love of the tax
collector
after that he also left the countryside
and went to the big city
after a period of contact with another
man new emotions were constantly
springing up in emma's thoughts
gradually she realized that the boring
days were not what she wanted
she hated the repetition emma was deeply
disappointed with her married life
but she did not know who to confide in
and had to use wine to refresh
she started to change every day she read
the book that the dealer left behind
she loved the costumes and motifs
mentioned in them she wished to go
so
after participating in activities with
the elite emma did not want to return to
normal life as before
the servant's outfit must be
individually designed curtains were also
completely replaced
candle bases also replaced with gold
soles dress and jewelry
she bought everything she could not
control her shopping aspirations
she wore a newly bought red dress to
meet the marquee someone surreptitiously
gave the letter to her that made her
extremely curious
she made up a reason to go out and
appeared in the warehouse as shown in
the letter
she met the marquis who wanted to be
emma's mistress but emma couldn't get
over her moral limit
she declined his offer she said they
could only be friends
but after refusing she regretted she
made an excuse to return the cigarette
box to go to the marquis house she told
her story
before getting married she dreamed of a
beautiful life but life now deeply
disappointed her
she did not want to be boring and
invisible anymore she chose to break the
fragile moral precepts
at the same time the doctor was treating
the patient's leg
didn't have free time to pay attention
to her if the surgery was successful
that rural doctor would be famous his
career would be developed dramatically
emma hoped her husband would be
successful but during the surgery
her husband made a small mistake she
blamed him for ruining her future life
she found the marquee begged him to take
her out of here the marquis just wanted
to make fun of her
he didn't take this relationship
seriously so he sneaked away
he only left her a letter and a gift box
emma knew she was being hoaxed
she was heartbroken in despair the
husband thought his wife had a strange
illness
but didn't know the real cause of her
depression the merchant saw this and
took out an invitation
said he had a cure for emma that
invitation was for special guests to the
solo concert
emma could wear fluffy dresses and
jewelry to fulfill her wish to go to the
big city
become a guest of the prestigious show
because he wanted emma to be happy
the doctor was always besides her they
accidentally met the tax collector leon
now he was a lawyer at a law office in
the city he often went to the theater
he invited emma and her husband for
another one tomorrow emma was very
excited but the husband said it made no
sense
tomorrow morning he would go back to the
countryside if emma wanted to stay here
she could come back later the innocence
of the husband awakened the demon inside
emma
she chose to stay had fun with leon one
day of course they had an affair
after returning home she discovered her
husband was very depressed because his
father had passed away
emma painfully comforted her husband but
at this moment the merchant appeared
emma's debt grew more and more it was
time she had to repay
he knew the doctor's father was dead he
would inherit a large piece of land
if he entrusted the land to emma it
could extend the repayment period for
emma
of course everything had a limit if she
did not pay the debt on time
they would lost everything she hastily
disposed of the expensive costumes and
jewelry
she planned to return most of the goods
she bought and found the tax collector
hoped he can help her but he was only a
lawyer apprentice in the city
he quickly kicked her away the debt was
more than 10 000 francs
they could not afford to repay the debt
the merchant and the court confiscated
their house
the marquee was back emma ran over to
ask him for help
but he said he had no money and bluntly
rejected her now emma knew
the men who said they loved her only
wanted her body
the only one who volunteered to help her
was her husband but it was too late
the court had issued a verdict they
would have all their property
confiscated
emma was devastated and desperate chose
to take the poison to kill herself
because he loved his wife so much the
doctor also passed away
left the only daughter for his mother to
take care of emma is a brave girl
she dares to follow the command of her
heart she yearns for love and the
feeling is a lover
when the marquee confessed she exclaimed
i have a lover
a lover she was thrilled in happiness
she must be loved
if she is not she is just an insane
physical body but in the end she was
only chasing a fleeting dream
after all she had only one way out which
was death
only death can help her get rid of a
tragedy and her sensitive heart and
fiercely loving soul can suffer a harsh
reality bovary character bavaria's mate
becomes an idiom in the french language
about the limp between the romantic
illusion and the crude mediocrity of
life
emma actually died from a fantasy love
affair all her life